Update keyvault SDK to T2 (#13)
Azure-Samples/app-service-msi-keyvault-dotnet: README.md

  - aspnet
  - azure-app-service
  - azure-key-vault
description: "This sample shows how to use Azure KeyVault from App Service with Azure Managed Identity."
urlFragment: keyvault-msi-appservice-sample
---

# Use Key Vault from App Service with Azure Managed Identity

## Background
For Service-to-Azure-Service authentication, the approach so far involved creating an Azure AD application and associated credential, and using that credential to get a token. The sample [here] shows how this approach is used to authenticate to Azure Key Vault from a Web App. While this approach works well, there are two shortcomings:
1. The Azure AD application credentials are typically hard coded in source code. Developers tend to push the code to source repositories as-is, which leads to credentials in source.

> 2. The Azure AD application credentials expire, need to be renewed, otherwise it will lead to application downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The Azure AD application credentials expire, need to be renewed; otherwise, it will lead to application downtime.
```

Reviewer 2: Resovled

Review the resources created using the Azure portal. You should see an App Service and a Key Vault. View the access policies of the Key Vault to see that the App Service has access to it.

### Grant yourself data plane access to the Key Vault

#### Step 1: Set access policy.

*  Go to the [Azure Portal] and log in using your Azure account
*  Search for your Key Vault in **Search Resources dialog box**
*  Select **Overview** > **Access policies**
*  Click on **Add Access Policy** > **Secret permissions** > **Get**
*  Click on **Select Principal**, add your account and pre created **system-assigned identity**
*  Click on "OK" to add the new Access Policy, then click "Save" to save the Access Policy

#### Step 2: Copy and save Key Vault Url.

Select **Overview** > **DNS Name**, copy the associated **Key Vault Url** to the clipboard, then paste it into a text editor for later use.

## Run the application
Clone the repo to your development machine. 

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Azure-Samples/app-service-msi-keyvault-dotnet.git
```

### Run the application on your local development machine

> To run the sample, this solution requires a Key Vault Url is stored in an environment variable on the machine , and [register an application with the Microsoft identity platform],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the sample, this solution requires that a Key Vault URL is stored in an environment variable on the machine , and [register an application with the Microsoft identity platform],
```

Reviewer 2: Resovled

then grant the access policy by [Step 1: Set access policy].

> Linux

Reviewer: I'd make these subheadings, like "###". That way, they stand out and can be linked. Would be more consistent with other documentation I've seen like this.

Reviewer 2: Resovled

```bash
export KEY_VAULT_URI="<YourKeyVaultUrl>"
```

Windows

```cmd
setx KEY_VAULT_URI "<YourKeyVaultUrl>"
```

### Deploy the Web App to Azure
Use any of the methods outlined on [Deploy your app to Azure App Service] to publish the Web App to Azure.

Step 1: Set environment variable in app service.

*  Search for your app service in **Search Resources dialog box**
*  Select **Setting** > **Configuration** > **New application setting**
*  Set the name to **KEY_VAULT_URI** and value with your **Key Vault Url**  

After you deploy it, browse to the web app. You should see the secret on the web page.

## How to use AzureCliCredential

> There are 2 approaches to use AzureCliCredential. First way is create AzureCliCredential directly, the other way is use AzureCliCredential which is chained in DefaultAzureCredential.

Reviewer: Nit: put code in backticks, e.g. `AzureCliCredential`.

Reviewer 2: Resovled

1. Create AzureCliCredential directly.

> ```

Reviewer: These code blocks should have a language specified for syntax coloring: e.g.
````
```C#
using ...
```
````

Reviewer 2: Resovled, Thank for your reviewing.

*  Search for your app service in **Search Resources dialog box**
*  Select **Setting** > **Configuration** > **New application setting**
*  Set the name to **KEY_VAULT_URI** and value with your **key vault url**  

## Step 6: Deploy the Web App to Azure
Use any of the methods outlined on [Deploy your app to Azure App Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service-web/web-sites-deploy) to publish the Web App to Azure. 
After you deploy it, browse to the web app. You should see the secret on the web page, and this time the Principal Used will show "App", since it ran under the context of the App Service. 
The AppId of the MSI will be displayed. 

## Summary
The web app was successfully able to get a secret at runtime from Azure Key Vault using your developer account during development, and using MSI when deployed to Azure, without any code change between local development environment and Azure. 
As a result, you did not have to explicitly handle a service principal credential to authenticate to Azure AD to get a token to call Key Vault. You do not have to worry about renewing the service principal credential either, since MSI takes care of that.  

> ## Running the application using a service principal in local development environment

Reviewer 3: Please add a section here with the same header, but how to use AzureCliCredential instead.

Reviewer 2: updated

urlFragment: keyvault-msi-appservice-sample
---

# Use Key Vault from App Service with Managed Identity

## Background

> For Service-to-Azure-Service authentication, the approach so far involved creating an Azure AD application and associated credential, and using that credential to get a token. The sample [here] shows how this approach is used to authenticate to Azure Key Vault from a Web App. While this approach works well, there are two shortcomings:

Reviewer 2: Keeping [here], link refer to links at the bottom.

> For Service-to-Azure-Service authentication, the approach so far involved creating an Azure AD application and associated credential, and using that credential to get a token. The sample [here] shows how this approach is used to authenticate to Azure Key Vault from a Web App. While this approach works well, there are two shortcomings:

Reviewer: In this particular case, though, it's just "here". There's nothing unique about it. I would at least use `[here][some unique tagline]` so there's reduced risk of changing the link, or referring to it accidentally with another "[here]".

1. The Azure AD application credentials are typically hard coded in source code. Developers tend to push the code to source repositories as-is, which leads to credentials in source.
2. The Azure AD application credentials expire, and so need to be renewed, else can lead to application downtime.

> With [Managed Identity], both problems are solved. This sample shows how a Web App can authenticate to Azure Key Vault without the need to explicitly create an Azure AD application or manage its credentials. 

Reviewer 3: You can have markdown links with refs like this:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2163001/89475759-bbaee680-d73d-11ea-89f4-88eba6b3534c.png)

> With [Managed Identity], both problems are solved. This sample shows how a Web App can authenticate to Azure Key Vault without the need to explicitly create an Azure AD application or manage its credentials. 

Reviewer: That requires that 1) the label match the link name (perhaps they do), and 2) you use empty brackets, like `[Foo][]`, unless GitHub is using non-standard markdown as defined by Daring Fireball.

> With [Managed Identity], both problems are solved. This sample shows how a Web App can authenticate to Azure Key Vault without the need to explicitly create an Azure AD application or manage its credentials. 

Reviewer: I see that GH does: https://github.github.com/gfm/#example-551

> With [Managed Identity], both problems are solved. This sample shows how a Web App can authenticate to Azure Key Vault without the need to explicitly create an Azure AD application or manage its credentials. 

Reviewer 2: We have checked other samples that they use markdown like what we did here, without empty brackets. There are examples https://github.github.com/gfm/#shortcut-reference-link, and https://github.github.com/gfm/#example-565 said [foo] is equivalent to [foo][].
What do you think about keeping [Foo] markdown style, without adding empty brackets?

> With [Managed Identity], both problems are solved. This sample shows how a Web App can authenticate to Azure Key Vault without the need to explicitly create an Azure AD application or manage its credentials. 

Reviewer: That's fine, since GH-flavored markdown supports it.

> With [Managed Identity], both problems are solved. This sample shows how a Web App can authenticate to Azure Key Vault without the need to explicitly create an Azure AD application or manage its credentials. 

Reviewer 2: Thanks, resolved

* Install [Azure CLI 2.0] to run the application on your local development machine.

If you don't have an Azure subscription, create a [free account] before you begin.

### Create an App Service with a Managed Identity
<a href="https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure-Samples%2Fapp-service-msi-keyvault-dotnet%2Fmaster%2Fazuredeploy.json" target="_blank">
    <img src="http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png"/>
</a>

Use the "Deploy to Azure" button to deploy an ARM template to create the following resources:
1. App Service with Managed Identity.
2. Key Vault with a secret, and an access policy that grants the App Service access to **Get Secrets**.
>Note: When filling out the template you will see a textbox labelled 'Key Vault Secret'. Enter a secret value there. A secret with the name 'secret' and value from what you entered will be created in the Key Vault.

Review the resources created using the Azure portal. You should see an App Service and a Key Vault. View the access policies of the Key Vault to see that the App Service has access to it.

### Grant yourself data plane access to the Key Vault

> Step 1: Set access policy.

Reviewer 2: Resolved

*  Go to the [Azure Portal] and log in using your Azure account
*  Search for your Key Vault in **Search Resources dialog box**
*  Select **Overview** > **Access policies**
*  Click on **Add Access Policy** > **Secret permissions** > **Get**
*  Click on **Select Principal**, add your account and pre created **system-assigned identity**
*  Click on "OK" to add the new Access Policy, then click "Save" to save the Access Policy

Step 2: Copy and save key vault url.

Select **Overview** > **DNS Name**, copy the associated **key vault url** to the clipboard, then paste it into a text editor for later use.

## Run the application
Clone the repo to your development machine. 

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Azure-Samples/app-service-msi-keyvault-dotnet.git
```

### Run the application on your local development machine

> This solution requires a key vault url be stored in an environment variable on the machine running the sample, and require [register an application with the Microsoft identity platform],

Reviewer 2: Resolved

> then grant the access policy by `Step1: Set access policy`.

Reviewer 2: Resolved

```

### Run the application on your local development machine

> To run the sample, this solution requires that a Key Vault URL is stored in an environment variable on the machine , and [register an application with the Microsoft identity platform],

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To run the sample, this solution requires a Key Vault URL to be stored in an environment variable on the machine, and [register an application with the Microsoft identity platform],
```

Reviewer 2: Resolved

After you deploy it, browse to the web app. You should see the secret on the web page.

## How to use AzureCliCredential
There are 2 approaches to use `AzureCliCredential`. First way is create `AzureCliCredential` directly, the other way is use `AzureCliCredential` which is chained in `DefaultAzureCredential`.
1. Create `AzureCliCredential` directly.
```C#
using Azure.Identity;

var credential = new AzureCliCredential();
```
2. Use `AzureCliCredential` which is chained in `DefaultAzureCredential`.

> ```C#

Reviewer 3: I usually use csharp, not sure if C# will actually work or not. Do you know?

Reviewer 2: Yes, C# works, same as CSharp does

The web app was successfully able to get a secret at runtime from Azure Key Vault using your developer account during development, and using MSI when deployed to Azure, without any code change between local development environment and Azure. 
As a result, you did not have to explicitly handle a service principal credential to authenticate to Azure AD to get a token to call Key Vault. You do not have to worry about renewing the service principal credential either, since MSI takes care of that.  

> ## How to use AzureCliCredential

Reviewer 3: This is not enough info about AzureCliCredential

How to I install?
What does the code look like?  Does the code have to change?

Reviewer 2: [Azure CLI 2.0]https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest has details about how to install Azure CLI credential on different systems. Codes are included in operating system's sub-directory.  
what about changing like below?

## How to use AzureCliCredential
1. Install Azure CLI 2.0, You can find how to install in [Azure CLI 2.0]https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest refer to different operating systems. If you have an earlier version, please upgrade. 
2. Once Azure CLI 2.0 installed. You can login using **az login** command in Windows Command Prompt or PowerShell.
3. Sign in with your account credentials in the browser.

Reviewer 2: Resolved.

Reviewer 3: You added comments on how to use the Azure CLI, which is OK, but please link to the new AzureCliCredential.  @tzhanl Can help.

Reviewer 2: Resolved.
